and we're supposed to oppose it and we're supposed to fight the instinct that we all deeply have embedded in our system but we also know is wrong like what is it about the system everything and you know you're all MAGA or if you're on the left you're blue no matter who you're in a cult
You're in a cult people get into cults and why is that like why is that a part of if we are in a simulation?
why are we so malleable is it because we recognize it and we're supposed to Oppose it and we're supposed to fight the instinct that we all deeply have embedded in our system But we also know is wrong Like what is it about the system everything and you know, you're all maga or if you're on the left you're blue No matter who you're in a cult
You're at a call people get into cults and why is that like why is that a part of if we are in a simulation?
Why are we so malleable?
Is it because we recognize it and we're supposed to?
Oppose it and we're supposed to fight the instinct that we all deeply have in
We'll get our hands here in a second.
Here we go.
Set.
♪♪ No waves, no beats.
Hello.
calls.
The Lancet led to the censure of anyone on social media who mentioned the possibility of a lab leak.
It can't be true.
The Lancet says it's not true.
27 eminent scientists say it's not true.
Only a few scientists in the face of all of this dare to speak up.
One of them was called Gilles Dumeneuve.
He formed a group of researchers called DRASTIC.
That's an acronym for Decentralized Radical Autonomous Search Team, something that all scientists should be.
Jamie Metzl, the former NSC official, soon joined the group.
Almost immediately, as early as April of last year, it was becoming clear to Metzl that the lab leak theory was not a conspiracy theory.
In fact, it was plausible.
It's literally turning into worst case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
It's like a marble statue.
Problem with experts even when they're, you know, the good guys.
She's literally trying to raise a smile there.
Peter McCullough and Ryan Cole.
I think of them as good guys.
They've been always outspoken about this.
The problem with... None of that is over.
And it's Sasha Latipova who pointed out this morning.
Sasha Latipova.
L-A-T-Y P-O-V-A.
None of that is over.
And it's Sasha Latipova who pointed out this morning.
but you can tell if someone's lying.
You can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's really important not to be a liar.
Are you still talking about Jeffrey Epstein?
This guy's been talked about for years.
You're asking, we have Texas, we have this, we have all of the things.
And are people still talking about this guy, this creep?
I had my volume set a little funny there.
Darn it, I couldn't.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
Hey, no email from Fearla today.
That can happen because she's in the Netherlands and I forgot to send her a text so that she would send you an email.
I apologize for that.
We're trying to pull this off.
I'm separated by six hours.
Mikey, it's okay, buddy.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
Good morning, everybody.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
I hope I didn't get a chance to change some of these slides in the beginning here.
I apologize.
It is really true, though.
These are not serious people.
This is what Rule by Podcast looks like in 2025.
So you need to get off of social media or stop using it in the way that you're using it now.
I don't have a good...
I don't have a good, succinct way of saying that yet, but I do have a good, succinct way of saying that autism spectrum disorder is a mythology used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology, that virology is never questioned as a science, and public health is never questioned as a reason.
And they, in fact, did the same thing with pandemics and gain-of-function and coerced us into teaching these myths to our children, which is the most dangerous part of all.
And if you don't understand why the cheese is free on social media, you will also have that same problem.
I'm clipping all over the place.
I gotta turn up my ears maybe, and then it'll be better.
Sorry about that.
Wow, I don't know what's going on.
Anywho, this is GigaOM Biological, the biology they ignore.
You can follow me at gigaombiological.com, but also stream.gigaom.bio, which reminds me, I gotta show you that.
And yeah, it's July and six years ago, basically, we had it right in my backyard.
and now we're here where they've murdered people in Scotland and there is a substack which details it that nobody pays any attention to but you should and you should share it with your family and friends because the truth will set us all free and understanding what really happened understanding the biological signal that was available for them to sculpt with murder and lies
manslaughter and lies then you can better understand how we're here but the only way you're gonna get there is if you stay focused watch this eagle focus on the biology you can see it in this slow-mo he's focused he doesn't need to look where he's going because he already knows where that's going that's automatic he's got a focus on the biology and so if he wants to eat if he
If I want to eat, I think I've got to focus on the biology too.
But right now, it's very interesting because loving my neighbor on the internet has taken on a new form.
I don't think I have to love my neighbor on the internet at all.
In fact, I think a lot of my neighbors on the internet aren't people.
And if they are people, they might be Indians.
How this stream works is that viewers financially contribute to sustain the work.
There are ways to do that on GigaOMBiological.com.
And even more importantly,
More viewers every week consistently spread the word of GigaOM Biological, and this biology finds new people.
We have gotten better and better at saying it, and so it's easier and easier for people to follow along.
So if you could, just send people to GigaOMBiological.com.
I know it's not the handiest thing to spell out or anything like that.
But once we get this done, this is going to be a dam that will definitely break.
There's a link called Stuff.
That's always a good place to send people, as well as the Scooby link at the top.
because the Scooby link is where I confess to being a dumbass for a couple years and explain very well the context of my work.
There you can see some of the links to help support and there's a way you can get on the mailing list there.
It's actually better to just email my wife at... Is that not on there either?
It's not on there right now.
Shoot.
But it is gigaohmhq at proton.me
I'm gonna switch over to the rig here.
Hold on one second.
Sometimes I gotta think about how to do this again.
I started the stream with a different hat on.
I gave it away.
I did not want everybody to see my new hat.
I was very, I am very excited about that new hat, but it's not really...
It's not really an appropriate hat to wear for a stream unless I was outside in the backyard or something like that.
And so I will put my hat on backwards.
Oh my gosh, I forgot to put this in.
Darn it.
I'm just going to skip it for now.
I do want to use it though, so I will probably put it in tomorrow.
Or Monday or Sunday.
Wow, what an exciting day.
I had a lot of weird stuff happen to me overnight.
That happens a lot when you're alone with two dogs.
um and six chickens uh it's strange what goes on in the house late at night what thoughts go through my head what youtube videos get served into my i really have the feeling that the text over there is the wrong font which is very annoying to me so although i love those people over there on that scroll i gotta take that off because it's driving me a little bananas um
That one goes.
Sorry about that.
I just, I don't like that font at all.
I don't know what happened there.
It might be because I updated OBS.
Anyway.
Let me see here.
Let me get this music down.
Good morning.
Good afternoon.
It's actually good afternoon for me here in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Um, good to see you.
My name is Jonathan Cooley.
If I haven't seen you before, welcome to the show.
Thanks for taking the second to look at the stream.
I think you will be pleasantly surprised with what we managed to accomplish today.
It's actually a very interesting day on earth for me because this morning, something, something kind of snapped in place.
Um, something that I'd talked to my friend about before.
I don't know what I got for lighting going on here.
I got the back lights on.
I don't have the windows open.
Um, anyway, you're just gonna have to deal with it.
The camera will probably flicker a lot now because this is overexposed.
Um, anyway, where was I?
Yes, the, the, the, the picture that came clear to me this morning, clear to me is probably a bold statement, but something weird aligned, you know, you're walking around and then all of a sudden you see all these
these things line up and you're like, how is that possible?
Now, you know, that's happened a few times to me during the pandemic.
A few times, you know, people come to my house, people have started texting my wife, people have randomly come out of nowhere to be wanting to be on my stream, etc, etc, etc.
And
Some people consider those all to be coincidences and don't need to be considered as a sum.
Other people call me chemtrail retarded.
Some people just don't talk to me anymore after these years of pandemicking and whatnot.
I have to edit that out in the post cut, right Mark?
So I really think
We need to understand the big picture here, why they're going after the FDA, why this is about the Human Genome Project.
Really, really impressive.
Exactly, a chemtrail savant.
I showed you yesterday this video from 2009 with a bunch of Dutch guys that were sitting around celebrating the first case of the flu in 2009.
And this man in the video here,
I guess it's better you can't see the mouse until it's here, and then the mouse is too small Anyway, the guy in the video right there now in the striped shirt the white striped shirt is actually on Ron Fauchier the guy who
enriched avian flu in ferrets and made it supposedly aerosolized.
These people have all been put in place, given a script with even a research script, things that they should do with their research in order to move these objectives forward and make sure that this mythology is firmly implanted in the academic literature upon which the future pandemic will be based.
And so make no mistake about it, I am suggesting, and I think Mark Kulak of Housatonic ITS is also suggesting that this is a very long con, the script, albeit maybe a flexible script that can be updated as discoveries are either found or claims are refuted.
But there is a script here that these people are following and the goal is to invert the
sovereignty of nations and their citizens into experimental animal status, essentially like animal farm.
And so these people having a whiskey toast about the, you know, first case in Nederland, and then at the end of the video, this guy walks through some glass doors and gets a text on his phone that says that they've ordered 35 million doses right here.
And so it seems on the surface to be a lot about the money, but yes, of course, people, the little cogs in the wheel, you know, just like, you know, one gear touches another gear in the watch and that's how the thing works.
Well, yeah, sure.
The gears are a lot of times money, but that does not mean that the design of the watch
is revolving around those gears.
That the idea is, you know, gears, gears, gears.
It's the watch that we need to think about.
And the watch that we're talking about, the plan that we're talking about, wherein money is one of the many kinds of gear mechanisms that work inside of it.
But not only is the idea that we are already in the system.
They already have us using social media.
They already have us paying attention to coordinated liars, sometimes as many as four scripted shitheads sitting around a table in a midday news program every day for the last, you know, going on five or eight years.
And what you are seeing there, ladies and gentlemen, is scripted bullshit, just like this scripted bullshit with Ralph Baric.
It is a long con where the biological mythology, the foundation for which is Ralph Baric and EcoHealth Alliance, was laid down over several years on purpose, was put on 60 minutes on purpose, was put in the start of the new Planet of the Apes on purpose, was part of the script for the movie Contagion on purpose.
And so what we are seeing here is a very,
very detailed, coordinated, long con over many decades, which culminated in this pandemic exercise.
And during the pandemic exercise, there were people that were very aware of our susceptibility to, this is three groups, three scripted shitheads sitting around a table talking.
Mikey, you got to stop barking buddy.
And I might have to shut the door.
Um,
The point is that we have a situation where certain rich people, certain influential people, certain owners of social media and their influential rich friends have realized
that social media could transition to supplant, you know, newspapers and magazines and start to be a force to be reckoned with around the world, especially, shoot, I didn't think he was gonna bark so much.
It must be the mailman or something.
Mikey, what are you doing, buddy?
Knock it off.
I'm gonna shut the door and now you're gonna be alone.
That's not nice.
Come on.
I don't know, well somebody's, they're working across the street, so he's barking and he's downstairs in the garage now, that works a lot better.
Because then he can come in here when he wants to, but now he's marred.
I'm sorry.
It is their job, yes it is their job, I know that.
I tried to invite him in, but he wants to stay out there and monitor things.
So anyway, the point is, is that we have transitioned into a system, by design, because they've realized Alex Karp,
went on 60 Minutes and when he was interviewed he said that he became interested in how people know things.
And a very similar statement was made by Peter Thiel.
And so these people have come to understand that social media
can be used to recreate a very similar thing as this.
If you go on Twitter, on X, or on any of these other social media platforms and you scroll through and you see three consecutive accounts agree on something or say the same thing, or kind of argue, but then come to an agreement at the bottom of the thread, it has exactly the same psychological effect as these three guys having a joyful podcast and agreeing about stuff like the subtleties of the COVID vaccine.
and they have discovered that people are very vulnerable to a group of liars.
In other words, if three people come over to your house and hang out and have a good dinner party, but they're all on a coordinated script to convince you of something, by the end of the dinner party, you will almost certainly be convinced.
And if their script is any good, you'll be convinced way before the end of the dinner party.
because coordinated lying is extremely difficult to see through.
And that's why podcasts are working the way that they work.
And it's very rare that you have a podcaster like me who never interviews people.
a podcaster like Mark who never interviews people because that's not how we are being governed.
We are being governed by what is essentially reality theater.
These guys are pretending not to have a script, pretending not to have any preconceived notions of why they're there and what they want to accomplish.
Even though probably at this time already, they knew they were, they were auditioning to be part of the FDA or at least part of the Maha movement in some way.
And so years earlier, these people were queued up.
And the question becomes, who's got enough money and who's got interest in queuing these people up?
Well, the answer is people like Steve Bannon, Peter Thiel, and Elon Musk.
People who are interested in making social media platforms like Substack and X relevant on a global scale.
so that the way that people know things can be controlled by them.
And they have very effectively accomplished the melding of the Maha movement with the Maga movement and the election of Donald Trump and putting this, this was all this one script.
And it's hard to kind of feel it, but once you start to really see it, you're going to be kind of shocked.
But that's where I've been going for a very long time.
And then very recently, something just
I just can't believe it.
Like, you know, we have this, for example.
So I saw, I was open to the New York Times and I said, top FDA official overrode scientists on COVID-19 shots.
Oops, sorry, I did that wrong.
I thought to myself, who the heck did this?
That sounds really bad.
I read, first thought was, who did this?
This sounds bad.
And how come I don't know about it?
But then of course I read down below and the answer was, apparently I did it.
It was me.
So I was like, okay, wow.
So I want to walk through what exactly I've written on this topic.
So what we're seeing here, right?
What we're seeing here is him just recently responding to, this is him.
This is him apparently running Sieber.
And he gave this presentation like yesterday.
And it's about Spike Vax and what he said and what he didn't say.
And I assure you, he was chosen after a long audition on YouTube with Marty McCary and others.
He was chosen to do this because they trusted him because he's a planted guy.
He was planted in 2017, just like, like the Weinsteins were set up in 2017, 18 and 19.
Don't forget at the beginning of the pandemic, Eric Weinstein was doing podcasts as seriously as his brother.
And it was called The Portal.
And one of the first Portal podcasts was Peter Thiel.
And that's where Peter Thiel says, you know, there's so much specialization in science that you really can't trust anymore because they can all lie.
And so I kind of start with that as my base assumption that most of it's bullshit.
That was a podcast in December of 2019, you know, the same month when Sam Harris went on Brett Weinstein's podcast and said that when we have the next pandemic that's killing 70% of people, then we won't be able to tolerate this anti-vax bullshit anymore.
And so this is what Rule by Podcast looks like.
Because they're also, of course, doing the FDA podcast all the time with, they even have lights now and stuff.
And so this is all one big show and it's all one big show to hide very, very simple truths that this guy is basically just full of shit and he uses synthetically constructed DNA and RNA and claims to be a virologist and that nobody has gotten here in 15 years.
Endemicity is just a myth.
It is not a process and it is not an endpoint.
But the whole use of that word in our everyday lives is on purpose.
The whole use of the phrase going viral in our everyday lives has been on purpose.
It's a script.
that ultimately has crescendoed and come to the point where we have a fake man at the head of NIH.
He's gotta be a fake man because I met him three times during the pandemic at private barbecues, almost like he showed up there specifically to talk to me.
And the last time he did it, he told me three different times on two different days to stop talking about Robert fricking Malone.
I suspect because Robert Malone is one of the people that ultimately has been running the script since the beginning of the pandemic, and they pulled him out of his normal technical role and put him on the Dark Horse podcast because shit was going south fast.
There was this Byram Bridle up in Canada that was coming out to say the shot didn't stay everywhere.
And there was this guy in Pittsburgh from the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine who was saying they were misconstruing a background with spread.
They had to get this under control.
But now we have a guy who has the top of the NHS, or HNIH, and he is promoting Substack, interviewing for Substack, and interviewing on X.
So Elon Musk and Peter Thiel and the Weinstein family, all who claim that the FDA is in the way.
We are not being, we are being ruled by this bullshit on the right.
This, this Substack nonsense, this X nonsense, it's all controlled media.
The comments are especially hilarious on Substack.
The idea of how much time these people spend there.
I think I've written three comments in my entire five years of the COVID pandemic.
These people are sometimes writing 30 or 40 replies a day.
People like Sasha Latupova or her likeness is meant, made to seem as though it spends the whole day there and on X and elsewhere writing substacks and painting, I guess.
These people are bullshit.
They're not serious people.
They work for this machine.
And so these people were supposed to have a very easy job.
It was supposed to be very easy to fool everybody into assuming that it's a coverup of a lab leak.
And in fact, that's what they tried to do for me, to me from the very beginning.
and the track record of these people emailing me and wanting to talk to me, the timing is remarkable.
Ralph Baric's the guy who arguably taught WIV how to create the coronavirus.
Taught who?
The Wuhan Institute of Virology.
Oh.
So there was their grants that Fauci basically boomeranged off of Echo Health and through the WIV, because they put a gain of function ban on funding here in the States.
Right.
Obama did that, right?
Obama did that.
And so Fauci's creative way around that was, well, we'll fund a nonprofit called Echo Health Alliance, run by Peter Daszak, who will launder the money for us into the Wuhan Institute of Virology.
Therefore, it's not directly from Fauci to Wuhan.
It's going through some intermediary.
And through that process, they taught the Wuhan Institute of Virology how to do this seamless no-seum technique, which is a technique of assembling viral genomes so you don't leave any evidence behind.
It's a ligation technique that uses a golden gate assembly.
It's a clever way of putting stuff together so that you can't tell that someone built it, necessarily, from a laboratory.
However, they did leave behind some fingerprints that got them caught, basically.
And if you want to hear about that story, you should get Charles Rixey on here.
Charles Rixey has helped RFK write his book about this.
And Charles Rixey's a Marine, and he's been like a dog on a bone with this problem.
And he was the one who leaked the defuse proposal.
Are you familiar with the defuse proposal?
No, what is that?
So there was a grant that was proposed to the DOD to go build a weaponized coronavirus under the banner of, we need to build a vaccine against this, because if we can do it, the Chinese can do it kind of thing.
And the DoD turned down the grant because they thought it was too fucking crazy.
You'll have something to leak from this.
But as anyone who's written grants, I've been involved in writing grants for our company.
We've got like $30 million in grants from the NIH.
You don't apply with a grant not having done 80% of it.
It's just, you're looking for the last 20%.
Because you just can't.
The grant process is so grueling.
Now what I want to just do is briefly warm you up, right?
This is November of 2024.
We are now in July of 2025.
In November of 2024, of course, Trump would be elected.
And so it's curious, this timing.
It's curious, very, very curious.
The Wuhan cover-up book was released in 2023, in December of 2023.
So it's been out for almost a whole year here.
And I have been working for CHD, you know, this whole time until the end of 2023.
It was in January of 2024 that I got fired from CHD for talking about Robert Malone.
So let's just remember again that in 2018,
Suzanne Humphreys was able to say that she didn't think it was possible to make a good vaccine because the idea was antithetical to the immune system.
And I am accusing her and Mark is accusing her of saying this only because at the time they were in the process of stepping in front of Tony Bark and Brandy Vaughn.
And so because Tony Bark and Brandy Vaughn were very close to, if not exactly, saying that intramuscular injection is dumb, they were very, very close to saying that, very, very close to saying that there is no good vaccine, but they were saying it better.
And so she started saying that she didn't think there was no vaccine.
In fact, in this interview right here in 2018, she won't say it on Brandi's phone, but she's going to say it on stage at this CalJam event.
And so what's striking about this is in 2025, she was on Joe Rogan for three hours and couldn't find the words.
She never actually said it.
And even when he just blatantly asked her, so what's the deal with vaccines?
She didn't say it.
And certainly not even close, nowhere near, not even the same ballpark of what she could say when Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark were still alive before the pandemic.
And so, Suzanne Humphries is definitely a traitor.
She's definitely a scripted traitor.
She could be under duress.
But the idea that she's been in this since this book with Roman called dissolving illusions It hasn't made any progress.
In fact has gone backwards in her ability to message about this Labels her as somebody who is on a script and curiously enough.
She also has a very nice following on X now And may also be producing a substack like why not, right?
I
And so if we do this little timeline for Mr. Kevin McKernan, we'll just do it real brief.
I mean, of course, I could do a lot more than this.
It could go on all day if we went month by month.
But let's just say that in 2020, he was already podcasting regularly, and I have at least three examples of him podcasting with people who Meryl Nass actually follows about two weeks later.
And all of these podcasts in 2020 he's basically saying that there is a virus that you can track it with PCR but not the PCR that the who is using and The FDA is in the way and otherwise we'd have a lot more of this shit solved already And also in 2020, there's a drastic member remember drastic is this group that eventually Tucker Carlson announced it was specifically a group of in the DM group in Twitter and
Right, so Twitter is where the truth is coming out on social media, right?
And in 2021, Tucker Carlson is even gonna tell us that drastic is where the truth is coming out, drastic on Twitter.
Right?
So McKernan is still podcasting in 2021.
He teaches Naomi Wolf the narrative on a podcast with her in the same room.
But in June of 2021 is when Bridal from Canada goes public about the shot not staying localized to the deltoid.
And that I think is the main reason why Malone, Kirsch, and Weinstein do a podcast in June
To try and pull the spotlight away from Byron bridal while he's also severely attacked by his employer And so they take the spotlight from Byron bridal It's also curiously enough the same month that Claire Craig started really doing her schtick for heart this really shitty group in the UK Also co-founded by this guy Jonathan Engler who I think is one of the shittiest people on earth and who's also linked to panda and
And Nick Hudson so all in this month Tucker Carlson does that video that I showed you in the beginning where he says that Jamie Metzl and some French guy are the founders of drastic when in reality drastic is a group on Twitter therefore there can be only one founder and the founder was Billy Bo Stixson who is still I guess an anonymous
Twitter user from the UK supposedly, but I never really could figure it out because the drastic website is supposedly administered by somebody in Thailand.
That's what he told me.
So drastic was reported by Tucker as being a French guy who didn't join the group until like I had left.
and Jamie Metzl who's a futurist and like a guy who's done TED talks and stuff about transhumanism and supposedly that guy is the guy who was part of drastic too, which is just a lie.
He was never part of drastic.
So it's odd that Tucker Carlson did that in June of 2021 in the same month that all of this other curious shit happened.
And so if we move on to December of 2021, just to keep this all in context, right, the same year, Kevin McKernan contacted me and wanted to do an interview.
So I interviewed Kevin McKernan.
He told me all about how the RNA wasn't pure and he worked for the Human Genome Project and he was super smart.
And so then two weeks after all that happened in December, culminating in December with McKernan, two weeks later, Rixie just happens to be driving
you know, near Pittsburgh, and he could drop by if he wanted to.
And then he did, and tried to convince me that the diffuse proposal was actually real, and that they had done this, you know, three-month analysis on it, and I should, you know, be in drastic.
I shouldn't leave drastic, or I'm gonna lose all the credit.
He stayed overnight at my house.
So in April, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Ron Johnson called me on the same day to tell me that Robert Malone sat them down to watch that podcast that I made with Rixey in January.
It's just the way it is.
They both called me on the same day within about a half an hour of each other.
They both told me that Robert Malone told them to watch that podcast with Rixey and now they want to help me or they want me to help them.
Jessica Rose emailed me about a week later and was on my podcast two weeks later.
And Charles Rixey and Crawford and me did a podcast in May of 2022, also about DMED and Diffuse and you know, whatever.
And then Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
hired Rixey and Cooey in June of 2022.
So in in somewhere in 2022 I should also say I should go back one maybe and also here which is not here Rixey gets fired soon after this and
At first, and for a very long time, I thought that firing was real.
Now I think actually that was just a stunt to try and make sure that I would stay working with the book and that I would believe that these people were believing in me.
And so what they did was they had Rixey bring Kevin McCairn into a private meeting and then had me react to it.
And it wouldn't have mattered how I reacted.
If I'd have reacted like,
you know, Kevin McCarren is fine and we can just talk about the book with him too, then Kevin McCarren would have been in the committee and in the thing and it would have been okay.
And if I said he was bad guy, then they could say, okay, well, we're going to fire Rixey and then that'll really make Jay feel like he's legit and that he's got power and that this job of writing this book with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is serious because when he told them who McCarren was, they fired Rixey.
But then, for the next two years almost, Rixie sometimes even went to Japan to live with McCairn, and much of their streaming was about me.
and claiming that I had lied to get Rixey fired.
And so the whole accusation of me lying and backstabbing Rixey in the back forced me to defend myself against their accusations, which tricked me into making them more relevant than they were.
Instead of teaching biology or getting farther with understanding how this network works I was still trying to win them over or beat them and that was all part of the illusion All part of the stunt to keep me working to make sure that I would never get to where we are now that Mark would never get to where he is now where we really understand the depth of the illusion and
And so it was in January of 2023 that Sasha Latupova, Meryl Ness, Robert Malone, Asim Maholtra, and Michael Palmer of Doctors for COVID Ethics were on tour, on stage in Stockholm, Sweden, January of 2023.
And it was also in January of 2023 that Matt Crawford claimed to add me to the Steve Kersh Steering Committee that included McKernan, John Bodwin, Stephanie Seneff of MIT, Jessica Rose of the VAERS Report, you know, Steve Kersh, and Marc Giraudeau of Panda.
And so in April of that same year, we did this St.
Patrick's Day thing with Stephanie Seneff and John Bodwin and Jessica Rose and Kevin McKernan and Jonathan Cui.
And that's the one where Rose says, I really think that the infectious clones are what happened.
And about six weeks later is when McKernan declared me chemtrail retarded on his sub stack.
And in the meantime, all of them went on to promote diffuse as a real leak.
Jessica Rose wrote an article about diffuse Jiki leaks Archmedic wrote an article about diffuse and Kevin McKernan wrote an article about diffuse all in the same week all on substack And so in
Now I'm skipping something here, but just remember that.
McKernan et al are in front of the third Senator Ron Johnson organized COVID truth panel, of which I've never been asked to be on, even though he called me in April of 2022 to tell me I was great.
In January of 2024, he was in front of the Senate saying that there was a DNA contamination in the shot.
Jessica Rose was in front of the Senate, you know, Glasspool Malone and Robert Malone, Brian Hooker, Kevin McKernan,
And almost all of the people who in November of 2023 were in Romania on stage together, but not Nick Hudson and not Denny Rancourt.
They were not there at the Senate panel.
But some other people from the Romanian thing were, including Harvey Reich and Ryan Cole.
uh Brett Weinstein you see the thing here Brett Weinstein was there over there with them too.
So McKernan then Danny Jones podcast in November of 2024 right after the election.
So there's no way that that can't be scripted bullshit then, because look at the Steve Kirsch podcast, right?
First, these guys.
So promoting her now is not only Kevin McCairn, but also Mary Holland and also Mike Eden.
But what's most important to hear is her say about Peter McCullough and
And Ryan Cole, I think of them as good guys.
They've been always outspoken about this.
She thinks of Peter McCullough and Ryan Cole as good guys.
In 2025.
And Kevin McCairn, just like he did to me for like four years, pretends to analyze her and make fun of her because she can't smile and she's like a statue.
But of course, with me, he was saying quite a bit shittier stuff.
Um, with a quite a bit more, uh, let's say aggression and violence implied, including, you know, I wonder if he will soon, because I'll say it right now and then he'll do it.
He's going to have to put a shotgun in her mouth pretty soon.
Otherwise he still won't have topped the things that he's done with me because there's been a few times when he's made it mean with me and a shotgun in my mouth, including one with a prediction that I would be dead in September of 2025.
And so this isn't funny.
This is evidence of the fraud, because here he is on Steve Kirsch's podcast with one of these clowns that Robert Malone runs.
Up on top there, you can see that Steve Kirsch is always promoting Pierre Kory, who was, of course, the head of the FLCCC for a couple years, getting a quarter million dollars a year from a nonprofit.
And there's Kevin McKernan and Kevin McCairn, who are on the exact same podcast.
broadcast of the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation talking about the white clots in 2025.
And remember that Kevin McCairn is a guy who was associated with George Webb's crew, Addy Adds and Paul Cottrell in the beginning of the pandemic in March and April, when they streamed with me, that's right, four people or three people streaming against one person.
That's how the magic is done.
Three scripted liars against one unwitting participant.
And that was in March and April of 2020, when he was pretty much dead on, balls accurate with the lab leak, with Peter Daszak, with the spike protein, amyloid, neurotropic effects, yada, yada, yada.
It is scripted bullshit for years and they're all on the same script because they're all on the same team.
And Sasha Latupova and Kevin McCairn actually make it the most obvious if you pay attention to them versus me.
Because I haven't even put Sasha Latupova's contacting me and wanting to be on my podcast back in 2022.
I haven't put Mary Talley Bowden when she wanted to be on my podcast in 2022.
The list is long.
And so this is... This is really impossible, right?
It's not possible that... I'm gonna escape just to make sure this runs right here.
This whole slide is not possible unless it is an orchestrated, scripted group of liars.
It's literally turning into worst case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case scenario.
It's like a marble statue.
Problem with experts even when they're, you know, the good guys.
She's literally trying to raise a smile there.
Peter McCullough and Ryan Cole.
I think of them as good guys.
They've been always outspoken about this.
The problem with- None of that is over.
And it's Sasha Lateefov.
Sasha Lateefov.
Now if you think about this as a global effort to make Substack relevant globally as a media as a media thing a media phenomenon if you think of this as a scripted effort to make X a globally relevant social media platform to make to make locals or or YouTube or Substack a globally relevant
media source, then you can easily see what these people have done for five years.
Because Kevin McKernan was also scripted to say that the truth was coming out on X. These people also have their own telegram groups.
These people communicate with Signal.
These people went to Getter when they were censored on LinkedIn.
It's all an orchestrated theater to make social media globally relevant, to demonstrate how globally relevant it was.
And what did they demonstrate?
Well, they got Trump back in office.
They put Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
with him.
They almost got him to be vice president, but they weren't.
They didn't get him there because why?
Because Peter Thiel's man was put there instead.
And one of the people that was present on the day when this was all announced, and also there at the Republican convention, was Hulk Hogan.
Now why in the world, why in the hell would I bring up Hulk Hogan?
Now this is really where it gets fricking fun.
This is awesome.
So first, let's do this slide to make sure that we understand exactly how scripted of a liar Kevin McCurdy is.
Ralph Baric's the guy who arguably taught Whiv how to create the coronavirus.
To who?
The Wuhan Institute of Virology.
Oh.
So there's grants that Fauci basically boomeranged off of Echo Health into the WIV, because they put a gain-of-function ban on funding here in the States.
Right.
Obama did that, right?
Obama did that.
And so what Fauci's creative way around that was, well, we'll fund a nonprofit called Echo Health Alliance, run by Peter Daszak, who will launder the money for us into the Wuhan Institute of Virology.
Therefore, it's not directly from Fauci to Wuhan.
It's going through some intermediary.
And through that process, they taught the Wuhan Institute of Virology how to do this seamless no-seam technique, which is a technique of assembling viral genomes so you don't leave any evidence behind.
It's a ligation technique that uses a golden gate assembly.
It's a clever way of putting stuff together so that you can't tell that someone built it necessarily from a laboratory.
However, they did leave behind some fingerprints that got them caught, basically.
And if you want to hear about that story, you should get Charles Rixey on here.
Charles Rixey has helped RFK write his book about this.
And Charles Rixey's a Marine, and he's been like a dog on a bone with this problem.
And he was the one who leaked the defuse proposal.
Are you familiar with the defuse proposal?
No, what is that?
So there was a grant that was proposed to the DoD to go build a weaponized coronavirus under the banner of, we need to build a vaccine against this, because if we can do it, the Chinese can do it kind of thing.
And the DoD turned down the grant because they thought it was too fucking crazy.
You'll have something to leak from this.
But as anyone who's written grants, I've been involved in writing grants for our company.
We got like $30 million in grants from the NIH.
You don't apply with a grant not having done 80% of it.
It's just, you're looking for the last 20%.
because you just can't.
The grant process is so grueling and so competitive that in order for you to succeed, you have to have all this preliminary data that shows we can get X'd on, we've demonstrated this piece, we've demonstrated this piece, now we just need to do this last piece.
And in that Diffuse proposal, they had used particular restriction enzymes.
These are enzymes that cut at particular sequences in DNA.
Those are important because they help guide the way that you cut and paste DNA together.
So imagine if you're cutting and pasting a Word document.
And so now just think, okay?
Barrick, Wiv, Fauci, Peter Daszak, EcoHealth Alliance, Obama Ban were all on 60 Minutes three times.
Where George Webb was also on 60 Minutes on the last time.
Yeah?
And these are exact scripted talking points taken from McCairn in March of 2020 when I was streaming with him.
with Paul Cottrell, somebody who George Webb, who was on 60 Minutes in February of 2020, promoted as the hero of the pandemic for more than three years and even did a Twitter space trashing me because I said that Paul Cottrell was a fraud.
Seamless ligation or no-see-um is a myth that's supposed to make you think that Ralph Baric is some kind of special baker and he taught them how to make his special cakes.
That's bullshit, okay?
The other thing is using Golden Gate Assembly.
When he says that out loud, as it was shown in the chat, there's a frickin Wikipedia page.
This is not no-see-um technique.
Understand what he's talking about here.
He's talking about constructing a DNA molecule or an RNA molecule that will produce, reliably, a protein.
There is no room
for there to be, you know, well, we had to use this restriction enzyme.
So, you know, we have this A-T-Z-Z-T, that's wrong of course, but you know, we have this sequence here, A-C-G-T-A-C, because we had to use this restriction enzyme, but that's not supposed to be in the protein.
That problem of how do we build a DNA sequence exactly like we want it has been solved already.
Ralph Baric is not one of those people that solved it.
He's one of those people that bought the commercial enzymes necessary to do it.
And the finding, ouch, that was a pop.
The finding of those enzymes,
And the commercial production of them were all necessary for the Human Genome Project to get anywhere and are part of the history of molecular biology that actually comes from, of course, bacteria.
Because restriction enzymes are enzymes that are found in bacteria that cut DNA at particular sequences.
It's not that necessarily we don't have restriction enzymes too.
It's that the restriction enzymes of bacteria are very accessible.
and therefore reproducible and commercializable.
And so that's what all molecular biology is based on.
He's full of shit if he says that Ralph Barrett contributed anything meaningful to that.
And instead, he knows better than most that the Human Genome Project actually invented all of those recipes and all of those technologies, many of which were based on just robotics, to get this stuff to go faster.
and finding a couple enzymes that would work at higher temperatures when DNA denatured or didn't denature when they were brought to those temperatures.
So, this whole idea of fingerprints are a joke because there are restriction enzyme sites everywhere in nature and there are so many different restriction enzymes that, you know, it's not very hard to create a little Scooby-Doo
sort of story where, look, we put these restriction enzymes there and then we tell this mathematician to find them, and we tell this mathematician and this Charles Rixey guy that they should, you know, calculate the odds, and then the mathematician named Alex Washburn will calculate the odds, and then Kevin McKernan will go on this podcast and say, see, that's what it is.
Fingerprints.
They did it.
It's bullshit.
It's complete bullshit.
Now, don't forget that Kevin McKernan was on my broadcast in December of 2021, and just a couple weeks later, Rixey showed up at my door to convince me that the DeFuse proposal was indeed real, not fake like I'd been saying for two months, and that I should rejoin Drastic, because me and him would be the only Americans in Drastic.
And so I kept saying DeFuse was fake.
And I tried to argue that right up until Rixie and I were working for the book.
And I kept saying that it's just, I'm not going to let it go in there as a reel.
That thing is fake.
We're not going to put it in the book at all.
at some point in time I think they orchestrated something to get me to believe in the committee and get me to believe in what I was doing and so After I was called and told that I needed I was hired by Robert F. Kennedy jr They also orchestrated this little event where in one of these meetings supposedly Charles Rixey was violated for a violation of the NDA by bringing a
Kevin McCairn into the view of it of the of his laptop in the hotel room where he was staying in, Texas I don't really know exactly how this all you know why he was in Texas.
He had a house there or something I guess anyway, the point is is that I was Made very effectively to feel as though my speaking out about McCairn being a bad guy Made Rixey a bad guy and that the people that I was working with at CHD to help write that book believed me and so they fired Rixey and
And then after that, of course, Rixie would go on to stream about me with McCairn, sometimes from Tokyo, you know, for years to come.
Sometimes I would be like a three times a week I was in their thumbnail and I'm always in their beginning slides like always I've always been in their beginning slides Since I started to call Kevin McCarron a shithead in 2021 So Kevin they go on to stream together for years with my work as a major theme and now of course, you know in 2024 in 2025 these people have all risen to the top and now Kevin McKernan is actually saying that it was Charles Rixey who helped
helped Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
write the book, except my name's in the book, not Rixie's.
And all of the names at the top of this page know exactly that I'm telling the truth.
That's the weird part about it.
If you go to this book, and I think from an American history perspective, screw the fact that CHD gets all the money at this point, this page right here, Acknowledgements, has
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23 employees of CHD.
At least half of them that I would gladly read out loud, half of them know for sure that I'm telling the complete truth here.
that Kevin McKernan is an absolute liar, that Charles Rixey was fired, but the firing was probably part of the stunt.
And so that's why they can't come out and say anything.
They can't come out one way or another because it was all a stunt.
And if I figure out now that it was a stunt, then I actually know that quite a few of the people that I thought were very good at CHD are actually all part of it.
And they know who they are now.
And so this narrative is progressing quite badly for them because the book is never going to go away.
My name, if it gets removed from the book, will even be better because I've got a whole box of them in the house already.
Assuming I'm going to be able to sell them for like $1,000 each with a little signature in them and a couple highlighted pages.
In a couple years, those are going to be worth a fortune.
Because this is the reality.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is a scripted fraud, and the script that they are on has been enacted by a couple key liars who unfortunately tried very hard over a few years to get me on board, to convince me that I had solved the mystery of the Scooby-Doo virus.
And these people, instead, I progressed to thinking that intramuscular injection is a pretty dumb idea from the late 1800s.
And because that's true, the entire health freedom movement in America defined by, you know, Pauly Tommy and Andrew Wakefield and Mary Holland, Brian Hooker and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is a scripted fraud.
because they have to be aware that autism spectrum disorder, that pandemics and gain of function are all myths.
That cancer and SV40 are myths.
The DNA contamination in the shot is a bullshit story.
These are all myths.
And that's quite a bit of fricking progress after 2020 thinking it was a lab leak.
It's quite a lot of progress that none of these other scripted assholes have been allowed to make because they're on a script.
and way too unsophisticated to understand how screwed they are now that they chose to play this script because they can't stop.
For the rest of their life, they're going to have to live this fraud.
And if even one of them breaks, this whole thing will fall apart.
Remember this?
Joe Rogan podcast, check it out.
The Joe Rogan Experience.
Train by day, Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day.
It's so fucking weird to be sitting here, bro.
Now.
This is cool because I showed you this yesterday This is the guy whose podcast Kevin McKernan went on and said that you know, it's it's it's uh It's Charles Rixey, right?
Remember that remember that so this one starts out kind of funny.
Yeah Well, thanks.
Thank you for being like the number one promoter of my youtube channel over the past I
So now I want to suggest to you something that probably a lot of other people have said before, but Joe Rogan is kind of the top of a little pyramid of a network of people that shares guests, and the guests that circulate on these shows are scripted assholes.
And the point now to realize is the intellectual dark web is just this dumb idea, but it's actually how they do it.
The intellectual dark web was out there to be discredited.
Oh, that's ridiculous.
But reality was, is that already back then, when they had that meeting, they knew that during the pandemic, we would be governed by podcast.
And we, they knew that the specifically, it had to be conversations because that's how people come to know things.
It can't be the Tom Brokaw News Program.
It can't be PBS NewsHour.
And that's why PBS NewsHour has transitioned to interviewing, has transitioned to having a whole table of people, or that they even have Washington Week, where it is a host with four people.
Because they have found, through the years, that those are the most effective ways to get people to know things.
To make people feel like they understand things.
To make people feel like they have understood or even followed along.
And that's the magic of being ruled by podcast.
And Peter Thiel and Elon Musk and some of these other people.
I don't even think Elon Musk should really be counted.
I think Elon Musk is a friend of Peter Thiel.
I think Peter Thiel is a pretty bright guy.
I think Elon Musk is a moron.
But...
Peter Thiel has also made a lot of mistakes because he's incredibly arrogant.
Very, very arrogant.
My pleasure.
It's great stuff, man.
I watch it all the time.
You're really good.
You got great shows, man.
I appreciate that.
And I get good guests from your show.
There's a couple people that have been on your show that I've... Okay, remember, this is part of this, right?
Everything, and you're all MAGA, or if you're on the left, you're blue no matter who.
You're in a cult.
People get into cults, and why is that?
Why is that a part of... If we are in a simulation... So that's how this starts, this little clip.
Listen to this clip.
Everything and you know, you're all maga or if you're on the left, you're blue No matter who you're in a cult you're in a cult people get into cults And why is that like why is that a part of if we are in a simulation?
Why are we so malleable?
is it because we recognize it and we're supposed to Oppose it and we're supposed to fight the instinct that we all deeply have embedded in our system but we also know is wrong like what is it about these systems like why is that in place and
Is this simply just an ancient relic of our tribal past where you had to follow the rules of the tribe in order to survive and so it was instilled in people in the psyche and that's how we developed or is there something more to it?
Is it like part of the mechanism that allows us to resist which allows us to innovate which encourages us to push forward and ask more questions because we know there's a lot of bullshit.
Like the reason why people ask so many questions now
In 2025, as opposed to 2019, is because of COVID.
Because we went through so much bullshit and propaganda.
We were so gaslit by the government, by the CDC, by everybody, that now we question way more.
And so the point here is, is that the assumption in this little discussion is that podcasts are innocent.
That the internet and the content that's there, the interviewing and the podcasts, those are all innocent.
We were misled by the CDC and by the government and by Big Pharma and by these virologists.
When in reality, ladies and gentlemen, those people used podcasts to lie to us.
And in fact, these scripted podcasts are the only reason why we engaged with the mainstream media dum-dum narrative.
The only reason why we engaged in this Scooby-Doo mystery solving exercise where we now all believe it's a lab leak is because of these scripted podcasts.
It has nothing to do with the fact that the CDC censored us and therefore we got clued in.
The censorship of people like Brett Weinstein and Robert Malone resulted in them getting to go on Tucker Carlson.
Resulted in them having more followers and so the censorship was also faked Because they were allowed to complain about it very publicly
And we were too busy with COVID and too busy with the pandemic and too busy with masks and too busy with PCR cycle counts to realize that we were being wholly bamboozled by all the podcasts that we thought we were engaging in a discussion, you know, where the mysteries are being solved on these accounts and these podcasts are at least telling the truth.
And here he is, six years later, still reinforcing that narrative that he didn't have any role in how we managed to experience the pandemic, that Danny Jones has no role in how we are gonna think about things going forward.
These are all just spontaneous things that you only see because the algorithm serves them to you.
I have no responsibility for the current
Of course, it's going to do that to me now.
I will queue it up again and then it'll be fine, I think.
And so I'll get this going again.
Sorry.
So it's probably benefited us somewhat to go through that.
Yeah.
When Mary was on here, did she tell you about Kevin McKiernan?
Refresh my memory.
He was the dude who worked for the human.
So Mary, right, is Mary Talley Bowden.
And they'd already talked about her.
So he felt like he could just call her Mary there.
It's not disrespectful.
It's only like a few minutes ago that he talked about that.
And so here he's gonna mention Kevin McKernan now.
Genome Project, like a DNA wizard.
He basically was working for the Human Genome Project trying to figure out different sort of medical treatments for cancers based on your genome.
So like they could target a specific type of leukemia in you and they would take your DNA and they would like basically make designer drugs to target that cancer, to kill that cancer.
Wow, that's interesting.
What an interesting summary of Kevin McKernan's current and former research sort of trajectory, because I thought in 2020 and 2021 he was just walking around like he was just this guy who used to work for the Human Genome Project, sold a couple companies, but now is just minding his own business working on weed.
Now he's saying that they worked on cancer and specific treatments for specific people's cancer.
You know, the kind of treatments that can't be tested by standard FDA means because they're personalized.
The whole reason why the FDA is in the way.
which is what Kevin McKernan was saying already back in 2020.
And now this guy seems to recall it almost too perfectly that he's interested in, was interested in personalized cancer medicine all the way back 20 years ago.
A DNA wizard.
And during the pandemic, somebody,
sent him four unopened vials of the Pfizer vaccine.
That's a pretty big skip, right?
Not, not, that was like three years in after all the murder was over.
Someone sent him some vials, but don't forget that at the beginning of the pandemic in 2020, he wrote a paper with Claire Craig from heart, Mikey Eden from Pfizer, Thomas Binder,
A few other people, including one lady from a German lab that now works with CHD and Brian Hooker.
And they all wrote a paper objecting to the WHO PCR because the WHO PCR test wasn't right.
It wasn't reviewed correctly.
It's got primer dimers in it.
And our PCR test is better.
And we're just going to skip all that and say, yeah, he was just minding his own business during the pandemic.
And then suddenly someone sent him some vials.
And so he did his DNA wizard shit.
And he analyzed them and ran them through all of his processing systems, whatever, whatever the fuck he does.
And he found out there was a DNA plasmid contamination in them, which were like promoters of this SV 40 shit.
I did hear about that.
Yeah.
I talked to Brett Weinstein about that and he was explaining that when they're first, um, we're sequencing certain vaccines, you know, cause with the vaccine you have to use living cells.
in order to create these antibodies initially yeah and when he's for tradition i mean you could see it right he's like he might not be sophisticated enough he might just be a meathead i mean seriously you might just be a meathead
Right, and so when they started using these things, they were using kidney cells of these monkeys.
Sorry, buddy, you can come in here.
And they didn't understand that these monkeys had this SV40, simian virus 40, and that this, when introduced into human cells, causes tumors, causes cancer, like rampant cancer.
You see the uptick of cancer and everyone wants to bury their head in the sand and pretend that it didn't happen, but people that took the vaccine are getting fucking cancer at an astounding rate.
And Kevin was telling me that he was- And it has nothing to do with transfection being a really bad idea.
It has nothing to do with intramuscular injection in general being a bad idea.
Now we believe that Brett Weinstein and others have figured out Brett Weinstein and
Kevin McKernan, both of whom were in front of the Senate at the beginning of 2024.
Brett Weinstein, who was on stage with Steve Hatfill and Robert Malone and Ryan Cole and Denny Rancor and Harvey Reich and Nick Hudson in Romania in November of 2023, about a month before most of them would be in front of the Senate.
Ladies and gentlemen, you can see it now and you're about to see something extraordinary doing study.
He pulled some tumors from some people that died somewhere in Europe.
And he was studying sequencing the tumors of these people that died.
with the vaccine, and he said that the SV40 was in the tumors.
It's in the tumor!
I don't remember the science.
I'd have to go back and listen to it.
By the way, that episode got pulled off YouTube.
Really?
Off my channel.
I got a strike for it.
What did they say?
Medical misinformation.
What part of it's medical misinformation?
It's a strike, and so therefore it must be real.
Oh my gosh.
You see how they use it?
He gets to go on Joe Rogan and say it got a strike, so somebody's going to find it on Rumble or elsewhere.
The whole thing.
We talked about vaccines and we talked about- What year was this?
This was like November of last year.
Whoa.
Yeah.
I wonder if you could put it up now because they seem to have lightened up.
I would be scared, dude.
Didn't they?
They changed their regulations recently.
Did they?
Yeah, they changed their guidelines.
What's the problem with this shit, dude?
I'm like, I'm so afraid to talk about shit I want to talk about.
I know, isn't that fucked up?
It's like, it sucks, dude.
It sucks because there's no way to know who's telling the truth unless you let people say crazy shit and then have someone come on and refute it and then have the two of them get together and debate it.
Right.
You know, and then even then... Okay, so I want to just move on.
Okay, so look, this is cool, right?
So Eric Weinstein is a fraud, Sabine Hossenfelder is a fraud, and they're both tied to Peter Thiel.
Now, I just want to make that argument because someone else sees it too.
This is actually, the video is going to be taken from this guy, Professor Dave Explains.
He's pretty over the top.
He definitely believes in vaccines and everything else, but what's interesting is that he sees the Weinstein Brothers as frauds and he's done lots of good videos on it.
And the end of this video is very curious, so I just want you to listen to the end of this video.
Remember that Eric Weinstein is a longtime advisor to Peter Thiel's financial company, right?
And so that ties Peter Thiel directly to Eric Weinstein's dad, who of course was in the Department of Justice of Robert F. Kennedy and John F. Kennedy, and the first intellectual property lawyer appointed there.
Part of the the sort of modernization of the FDA that took place at that time And maybe even an antagonist to Estes Kefauver who was maybe killed on the floor of the Senate about three weeks after or before John F. Kennedy, of course, you know, you should know that but you don't Only Marcus told us that only Marcus as said senator keep offers name even more than once besides me And I'm saying it because I learned it from listening to him.
I
And so these people are connected in a very strange way because remember that Brett Weinstein streamed with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
in November of 2021, but didn't actually post the podcast until February of 2023.
And that's one of the reasons why I thought, wow, I need to email Bobby Kennedy because he might not even know that his dad is connected to Brett's dad.
That's how much of an idiot I was.
Okay.
So let's listen.
Um, and listen particularly to what Dave, um, professor Dave explains about, you know, what's going on here.
Cause it's funny.
The freedom are all that is necessary for the quark, lepton, CKM, PMS, et cetera, et cetera.
PNMS structure of the universe that basically sweet, salty, sour, and bitter, or, uh, treble mid bass and reverb is all that's necessary to create a universe.
Treble, mid, bass, and reverb.
All you need for a universe, brah.
Hang on.
Let me bust out my acoustic guitar.
I can show you.
I don't know if you knew that I play guitar.
Oh, what's that?
You saw it in the frame down there since I put it there on purpose?
Yeah, I can't help it.
I just love the blues because I'm, like, so soulful, but also because you can suck at guitar and still play a blues progression.
Can you tell I used to wear a fedora?
Eric is like if you took a physics undergrad in peak stonerdom, did a brain scan to find out all of his wildest delusions of grandeur, and then paid him a hundred million dollars to pretend that he achieved them all while never actually doing anything.
I have a super dope theory of everything, dudes.
Watch me shred this blues lick.
Oh fuck, I'm almost 60.
Now remember, at the start of the pandemic, Peter Thiel actually did a podcast with this guy where he said he doesn't believe much of science anymore because the specialization makes it easier for people to lie and exaggerate.
Right?
Peter Thiel hasn't been on a lot of podcasts, you know, not in 2019.
But he kicked off the Portal podcast for Eric Weinstein.
Far out, man.
Anyway, I think that's enough.
It's pretty clear that Eric has been spiraling lately.
His intellectual dark web is extinct.
Most of the people who fell for his schtick in the early 2020s have pieced it together that he's completely full of shit and don't give him the time of day anymore.
And since he doesn't actually do anything,
This fall from intranet relevance has really hit him hard.
I'm sure Papa Teal isn't thrilled about it, which is why I hypothesize that he's moved on to bankrolling Sabina Hassenfelder.
That one.
Professor Dave seems to realize that she's now funded by him, which I don't really know if that's true or not, but he made that declaration not one month ago, which is kind of odd, right?
Hence all her academia is communism bullshit she's been churning out.
I don't have any proof.
So listen to this, right?
I've been saying it.
Professor Dave, who believes in vaccines and viruses, definitely believes all of the bad biology because he's not a biologist.
But he would be very mean to me.
I can tell you that for sure.
He would shred me like paper.
I would be terrible.
I mean, he's good at it.
His scripts are awful and he's terribly good at it.
But this person has been shredded by him a number of times.
The Weinsteins have been shredded by him a number of times.
And so now,
You have to be able to talk about stuff.
And some of it's fun.
Yeah, it's fun.
It's all super fun.
It is right?
Yeah.
How'd you get started?
Well, I didn't I obviously didn't always do podcasts, but I was originally I was wanting to make movies when I used to call it concrete.
Why was it called it was called concrete.
So okay, I'll tell you it was a
First of all, I always wanted to make movies when I was a little kid.
I was telling Jamie the story earlier.
I was going to go to Full Sail where Jamie went in Florida, in Orlando, but I didn't have the money to do it and I couldn't get into UCF because my grades were shit.
I think these are all film schools that people know about.
So he wanted to be in movies or make movies.
See, this is already going in the wrong direction, right?
Because I'm podcasting because I was a scientist and I wanted to be a podcaster.
I mean, come on.
High school.
So luckily, I got the opportunity to work on this movie called Dolphin Tail.
It was a movie about a dolphin who got its tail stuck in a crab trap.
And Morgan Freeman came in and built a prosthetic tail.
And it was swimming around in the aquarium, and Cary Connick Jr.
and Morgan Freeman were in it, and it was like a big, you know... That movie, Dolphin Tale, will be viewed in this freaking house very soon.
Whoa!
And I realized, working as a camera production assistant on that movie,
It was my film school, but I realized I did not want anything to do with making movies.
Cause it was the closest thing I ever experienced to work in construction.
It was like, I was in charge of swapping the camera lenses, the camera batteries, taking the SD cards back to the media truck, getting everybody breakfast and coffee.
And these dudes, these camera department dudes, a lot of them are really cool.
Like the dude Pete Zuccherini, who was the underwater.
This all sounds true to me.
Just to let you know our cinematographer who filmed all the Pirates of the Caribbean movies He was fucking awesome But a lot of the other guys were like really unhappy like deeply unhappy because they never saw their families They were always on the road faced a lot of them on there like third fourth wives Face timing their kids and it was like, you know, they were like carnies with dental plans They made great money, but they were the noises that Rogan weekly unhappy so like I realized I didn't want to make movies anymore and
So I started an advertising company and make commercials and I started doing like spec ads and like that doesn't really make sense because a commercial is still a set.
I thought so, you know, it's weird unless he's making like, you know, product shots winning a bunch of contests to make commercials and one really one big contest for Land Rover USA where we made like a free ad and they paid us to make a bunch of other ads for him.
And then that's where Concrete came in.
So it was called something else and I got sued by some advertising company in California saying, hey bitch, can't use this name anymore, change your name.
So my friend who owns a concrete construction company said, bro, there's this really cool website domain for sale with concrete with a K. He's like, it's like a couple thousand bucks.
You should buy it.
I was gonna buy it.
I'm like, sure, fuck yeah, let's do it.
So I called my company concrete stupid and then um, and how'd you start a podcast?
So so after the advertising stuff I started I Met a bunch of people I met
Met a bunch of people.
Okay.
So here's where the lying starts right before this.
There's no light now now he's gonna start pretty much lying his ass in the process of the whole advertising thing because me and Hulk live like five minutes from each other and Stupid and then um, and how'd you start a podcast?
So so after the advertising stuff I started
I met a bunch of people.
I met Hulk Hogan in the process of the whole advertising thing, because me and Hulk live like five minutes from each other, which is like five minutes from the Church of Scientology, which is great.
And I started making a bunch of commercials with him, because he would always have companies that would hit him up and say, yo, let's partner on this new product.
OK, so why is Hulk Hogan important?
Well, warning, 2016, here it comes.
These people are all on a script.
Ladies and gentlemen, I have an article by Derek Thompson from the Atlantic in PDF form here.
I'm just going to read it a little bit to you.
Basically what happened is the magazine Gawker outed Peter Thiel as a gay man.
And Peter Thiel couldn't do anything about it because Peter Thiel is a gay man.
And so in order to get back at Gawker, Peter Thiel used his big piles of money to hire a bunch of lawyers to scour the work of Gawker to find somebody who had a suitable case and would be willing to litigate against Gawker.
And the person that Peter Thiel ended up finding was Hulk Hogan because
It is also probably the strangest.
In 2016, Hulk Hogan, the professional wrestler, won a nine-figure lawsuit that ultimately bankrupt Gawker Media, a fleet of sites that epitomized the barbed brilliance of New York's young media crowd.
The lawsuit concerned a video of Hogan having consensual sex with his best friend's wife while at the same time
recording the encounter secretly, according to Hogan and later reporting behind the scenes of this tawdry affair, more shocking story was playing out in which Peter Thiel, a billionaire investor seemed to be exercising a deep grudge against Gawker by bankrolling Hogan's lawsuit to destroy the media company that published the sex tape.
Interesting, huh?
that this whole theater that got Peter Thiel's man in a vice presidential position.
Now think about how weird that is because in this book, in this sky horse publishing book, you know, Tony Lyons and CHD, in this sky horse publishing book from 2008, the epilogue tells a story of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
running for president as an independent and
the Democratic or the Republican candidate taking him as vice president and then getting elected together.
And then the president getting shot and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
becoming president and saving America.
This book from 2008 predicts almost exactly what happened, but didn't happen.
And at the Republican convention, Hulk Hogan was one of the guys that was there to make sure that everybody really liked the choice of
J.D.
Vance, the man of Peter Thiel.
Interesting.
Peter Thiel, Hulk Hogan, Joe Rogan, Substack, Podcast, Rule by Podcast, going to Germany and trying to figure out how people know things.
Ladies and gentlemen, I think we got him.
I think we got them.
I think you should do a little more research on this while I do it too.
But this is all one malevolent show.
These are not serious people.
These are paid influencers that are on social media to make us ask the wrong questions and to announce what's coming.
And there's probably no other way to see it.
These people are part of that show.
They are scripted liars.
They are part of the same
thing.
You gotta get off these platforms.
This sub stack is shit.
X is shit.
Facebook is shit.
You have to start using independent media and if you don't have any independent media to use then you'll have something else to do with your time besides social media.
These people are not serious.
Laura Loomer was auditioning with the same group of podcasters that Soph, the daughter of Sasha Latapova, was auditioning with when she was promoted by Alex Jones in 2019.
They're both on the same thumbnails together.
This is all one malevolent show scripted from way back, put in place way back, and funded way, way back.
That's why this lady who was on billboards swaying votes in the UK 20 years ago is now a rich person who owns property on two continents and still telling the same bullshit story in front of Congress two days ago.
She is a scripted fraud like the rest of the health freedom movement is, just like Brian Hooker is.
They have all sold us out.
They are coordinated liars.
They are all on the same script and you can't change it.
You can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
All on the same script, ladies and gentlemen.
I don't know what to tell you.
It's an illusion.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was an illusion.
When he says that he never wanted to get involved with the Novak's people, I assure you it's true.
I assure you it is true.
There's no way that they didn't know that this is actually an anticipated background.
There's just no way these people didn't understand what was done with the PCR tests.
And the ones that didn't understand are just idiots on Kevin McKernan and Robert Malone's very, very malevolent script.
The same people definitely could have told you that placebo made it safe.
They would never have risked transfecting everyone.
But instead, none of them told you that.
They argued about all kinds of other shit for five years.
They're all nasty, nasty scripted traitors.
That's also why none of these people seem to be aware of a population pyramid problem that might be shared across the West.
and anticipated rise in all cause mortality that could have been sculpted using murder and lies.
You know, like letting the opioid crisis run wild in America for five years.
All of these people are scripted never to come to that conclusion.
I mean, even people like Pierre Corey and Jessica Rose were scripted to say it was not opioids.
And these people have also been scripted not to know anything about anything.
Never to assemble a list and certainly never ever to realize that supplementary oxygen is pretty nasty.
Never ever to realize that opioid deaths were a problem.
And so it's gotten even worse because these actors were put in place and I'm going to just get this out of here really quick and then I'm going to insert a video here as a new slide.
Hold on one second.
Because there's another one here.
Oh, I could probably do that really quick, couldn't I?
I'll take this one over here.
I mean, this is just shocking.
I can't put together the slide deck quick enough.
That's the problem.
It takes me too long because it's so freaking malevolent.
You can't even believe it.
And so I'm still building, you know, slides right up until the time I'm starting because it's just so hardcore.
I can't believe how hardcore it is.
Um, why?
Oh, there's not enough disc space.
Oh my gosh.
So I'm really running it out.
I'm going to see if I can just play it without that then.
Um, where was it in this one?
Yeah.
Let's see.
Now we know that they were doing a lot of therapies that ended up killing the people.
You know, the therapies were the ones that were actually deadly, but they were trying, you know, you can't blame the doctors, right?
They were trying their best, doing what they could.
They didn't really know what to do in the beginning.
That's kind of why you never want to be the first to catch an illness, right?
Because then you're the one that they're experimenting on and they don't know exactly how to treat it just yet.
They don't have all this information.
They're putting a lot of people on ventilators.
This is Kim Iverson yesterday.
trying to tell you a narrative about how none of this could have been known because it's a new virus.
This is the hamster wheel coming back just like it does all the time, this time with Kim Iverson, whose show I've actually been on.
This is how malevolent it is, ladies and gentlemen.
Her primary streaming is on Rumble, which is, of course, owned by Peter Thiel.
And now they don't do that anymore.
From the best of my knowledge, they don't do that anymore.
So they couldn't oxygenate.
So they raised the vent settings.
I'm board certified in anesthesia as part of my subspecialty certification.
And so
That's what happened when you're all filled with fluid.
When you see the fluid on the outside, it's also on the inside.
Your third spacing, it's called, you have all of this and you can't exchange, you can't get the oxygen you're breathing in into your bloodstream to deliver it to your vital organs.
And so the increase in the vent settings that look like they were dangerous vent settings are the last ditch effort to save these people's lives.
Now, the fact that it's payable and all that kind of hoot nanny,
But there's no doctor that I've been doing this, I graduated med school in 1993, that would ever do it for the money.
They were trying, it was the last ditch, we're trying to, we can't oxygenate, we can't ventilate, okay?
So that whole thing, and I know there's doctors on my side of the narrative, but I'm here to tell the truth.
And I just, that really does bother me, so I'm glad I was able to say that.
I can't watch any of that anymore because it's so stupid, but there is no way to see it any other way.
This is a scripted team of liars.
I'm gonna play a little song here and then I'll be back in a minute.
Jeez, it's painful.
My gosh.
You know, we've heard over and over and over again industry canards and, you know, things that are cringeworthy to me as a parent and as a scientist.
The preponderance of evidence around vaccines and autism basically in the United States consists of two studies.
And so here is Brian Hooker, who in 2013, as a former Department of Energy genetic scientist, did not use the word autism, didn't like the word autism, because his son didn't have autism.
His son was neurologically damaged.
And now he's on a script provided to him by these people where he says autism is real and it's caused by some amorphous thing called the vaccination schedule that he's not really sure how to fight.
and therefore hasn't really gotten anywhere and instead has spent the last six years or seven years or eight years, certainly the last six years since Brett Brandy Vaughn and Tony bark were murdered.
He's spent building a big top tent of health freedom that doesn't solve any problems at all.
Has sold a book with sky horse publishing and still gets paid like $200,000 a year to do nothing but be on zoom.
Now I do think that he's kind of a victim of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Pauly Tommy and Andrew Wakefield.
I do think he's kind of a victim in this because he's got a son and so he's got, you know, very limited choices on what to do, I think, if his son is real.
But this guy is a scripted fraud.
He was promised something.
I guess maybe Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
would be vice president of Donald Trump, but they didn't quite make it.
So now he's health and human services secretary and they have to make the best of it.
But this is a scripted lie.
And it's a scripted lie that is reflected in that 2008 book and the epilogue of this fricking book.
They always intended to do this.
And this bullshit in front of the Senate and CHD raising money on the idea that, you know, we've been fighting for 15 years and we're finally there?
Come on.
If it's as simple as intramuscular injection is just plain dumb, then there's no other alternative than to accept the fact that these people were put in place and scripted to never get us there.
That's who Brian Hooker, Pauly Tommy, Mary Holland, James Lyons-Weiler, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and Judy Mickiewicz, and Robert Malone, and Meryl Nass, they're all are that!
that were done by a flawed and fraudulent CDC, one on thimerosal-containing vaccines and one on the MMR vaccine.
Clearly, in the MMR study, when you look at the table, it shows a statistically significant effect of the MMR when given on time.
Sixty-seven percent more boys getting the vaccine on time get autism diagnosis than those that merely wait until three years of age.
Now, I had a whistleblower come forward to me to tell this information, Dr. William Tonsman, in 2013.
And as I predicted, this is all what Brian was scripted to say, and he's probably promised he was going to get to say it a lot earlier, but then the pandemic came, and it delayed everything, and it paused all kinds of lawsuits that were about ready to win, and Mary Holland was about to dunk, but then the pandemic came, and then they couldn't finish anything.
Stop lying!
in 2014.
We also know that the Verstratten study in 2003 is also flawed, fraught with errors, and fraudulent.
What do all these errors in all of these papers mean if intramuscular injection is just a dumb idea from the 1800s that apparently people like Suzanne Humphreys and her historian co-author Roman Byzantic couldn't ever come up with?
but Mark Kulak could cover it thoroughly in about a weeks and a half worth of work.
And he's already got it archived on his fricking website.
These people are the worst kinds of traitors.
They have been following a script for decades.
Accusing them of directly cherry picking information from the vaccine safety data link because of issues with clinics.
Now there is a hole in the science around vaccines and autism that you can drive a Mack truck through.
Yeah, it's a hole where Brian Hooker of 2013 would have said that you don't even, shouldn't even call it autism.
Autism is not a word that he liked.
Because it's a stupid word.
that they are using to rope in more and more developmental disorders to make sure that nobody ever comes to the conclusion that intramuscular injection is just dumb.
The same way that nobody came to that conclusion with infantile pluralisis was going crazy in the early 1915s, 18s, whatever, when Mark Kulak has shown it in spades.
They just couldn't accept the fact that there is no good combination of substances to inject intramuscularly.
Maybe it wasn't the sperm oil.
Maybe it was the lamb's wool oil, or, you know, maybe we should advance this a little bit and, and dissolve it in other lipids.
But obviously some form of intramuscular injection will work right fricking here is one of these assholes on a script taking the money because someone else would have if he didn't.
You can't just look at one vaccine and one component and then wave your pixie dust and say they're safe.
That is just not a fact.
And that is just not how science works.
Imagine that he didn't get there.
He just didn't get there.
CHD children's health defense did not get there in all the years of their existence, all of their work, all of the money.
They are still thanking you and still claiming that they are fighting the mandate.
You know, I can show you in my email because I still get emails from these frauds.
If we look at the email that I got today from CHD, should be here somewhere.
I have a package coming today.
Sweet!
I like getting boxes.
Where did I put it?
I didn't delete it.
I know I didn't delete it.
But anyway, I don't, there it is.
Watch, this hasn't happened in 20 years.
So let me just take this.
Can I pull this email out?
I can close this.
So anyway.
For the first time in over 20 years, our government has held a hearing on the impact of vaccines, and CHD was there.
Our own Polly, Tommy, and Brian Hooker joined several other parents of vaccine-injured people, and the hearing was proof that we are breaking through.
Please donate today to help us keep the pressure on government officials to end mandates.
And then we go scroll all the way to the bottom, and the other blue highlighted phrase is, please donate today to help us keep the pressure on government officials to end
mandatory childhood vaccines for children.
So after all this time and all this possibility given to them by coronavirus and the fake pandemic, they have only managed to continue to
work against mandates, because people should have a choice as to whether or not they hit their kids in the head with a baseball bat, and they should have choice of how many times they hit them, and in what side of the head they hit them, and at what age they hit them.
CHD is the- is really shit.
They are really, really shit.
And it's- it's terrible, because they fooled me like they fooled so many other people.
There is no way it's possible.
military operations, but they were global military operations, right?
Every country had exactly the same narrative.
I was fortunate to be able to travel during COVID because I had natural immunity.
Having had it for two days, I took ivermectin, I was fine.
And so I saw, you know, two meters, masks, you know, be afraid, stay at home, lockdown, you know, schools closed, businesses tanked.
All of that was on a global basis.
That's a liar on a script.
It's a well-rehearsed liar on a script who has no excuse not to know that this was an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality that needed to be managed across the Western Hemisphere.
And this rise in all-cause mortality is something we're still dealing with now, and we will probably deal with for the next 10 or 20 years as our population pyramid becomes more inverted before it finally kind of corrects itself if they keep immigration going as it is.
So, Denny Rancourt, all of these people were put in place specifically to lie about this anticipated rise in all-cause mortality, make sure that nobody ever figured it out.
And now they have people on Kim Iverson claiming that they know all about respiratory shit, but they have no idea that supplementary oxygen given at 60 liters a minute pure might actually cause ARDS and, you know, be confused with COVID if that was what was scripted.
Ladies and gentlemen, endemicity is a myth.
Ladies and gentlemen, it was just a placebo and using their PCR test doesn't make
COVID-19 or SARS-CoV-2 real any more than it makes you a virologist.
So, I don't know what to tell you anymore, ladies and gentlemen.
We are smashing this out of the park now.
Thank you very much for being here.
Make sure you work diligently to get your kids off of social media at the very bare minimum.
you need to make very clear to them that coordinated lying on social media is how they intend to govern us going forward.
And so more than ever it is important to have single sources of information, people who are doing analysis on their own and not
engaged in a conversation with like three or four people, because if I do a stream with Kevin McKernan and Jessica Rose and Kevin McCairn, then whatever comes out of that stream will inevitably be what they want to if they're all scripted liars.
So ladies and gentlemen, intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dum-dum-dum.
Transfection in healthy humans is always dangerous and viruses are not pattern integrities.
Damn, we are killing it!
My name is Jonathan Cooey.
You can find my academic work on PubMed under the last name Cooey, first name JJ.
Buy that book because we're gonna need it.
And if you want to, you could even send it to P.O.
Box
802 in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania 15 102 and then I'll sign it for you and send it on to you I don't know how long I can keep doing that depending but I can use media mail and media mail is very cheap for me to send it so signing the book and Annotating it writing a love letter to you or you know, I could sign it.
However you want to that's something we could do I've got a couple YouTube channels, but I don't really care Oh
This is perfect timing.
I'm so excited.
We're just going to do this.
We're just going to do it.
Do it to it.
What?
Is it not on?
Shoot.
Okay, I got to turn this camera on.
And then I'm going to show you how to install the Peertube app.
So the first thing I got to do is get out of here and I'm going to delete the Peertube app from my phone.
So I can show you how easy it is, but it's actually really tricky.
That's the funny thing.
So I'm going to delete it, remove the app.
Delete the app, all the data.
Yes, delete it.
There it goes.
Okay, so here we go.
This should work.
Yes.
I don't know what that is.
Party, oh yeah, Party Pro Manager.
I don't need you to see that, but I'm starting, I'm gonna start working with my gym for some photography to try and make some extra money.
That's what that was there for.
And that goes here, this goes here.
Okay, so check this out.
Can I do it before that's over?
I don't know.
So we're going to go to the App Store and we're going to click on the App Store.
And then we're going to search for PeerTube.
There's PeerTube.
And then it'll come up, usually the second one, and it's PeerTube with the little squid with the hat.
So of course I have it on the cloud already because I just deleted it from here.
And so you open the PeerTube app.
And now here's where it gets a little tricky because it's hard to find where it is.
You got to know where to go.
And so it'll come up like this.
You got to go to explore.
And then when you go to explore there, it looks like you should just put in the whoops.
It looks like you should just put in the.
The, the, is that going to show up?
Sorry, I'm being a dork here.
It looks like you should put in the URL here, but that's actually not true because if you put it here, it's going to search for already registered Peertube stuff.
So if you go to Peertube platforms,
It still won't show up here because it's not really, I mean, I don't know what I have to do to get it on there.
But anyway, if you search peer-to-platforms and you just go blunk, blunk, blunk, and put dumb letters in, and it can't find anything, then it will add platform with its URL.
So if you do that, you can go like this, and then you can go stream.gigaohm.
And connect.
And you confirm.
And then it will say, do you want to log in?
And remember, we don't need to log in.
And we don't have any logins yet.
I mean, Mark and I have a login because we post there, but you can just close this and now look what's here.
It's populated all the videos that are put up and they're populated in order and they're on your phone and it plays even better than the website.
No logins.
No logins, no passwords, very small app.
It won't bring you any other videos other than Mark and I until you add them.
So if you follow those simple instructions you can have GigaOM on your phone and watch it at your convenience.
It's also easy to put on an iPad.
I think this just kicks ass and I think Ted and Peertube
And our work there is moving forward in such a great way.
Thank you very much for being here.
I can't stress enough how happy I am that this is all going so well, and that Mark has done such incredible work recently.
It's just...
It's nice because finally it really feels as though somebody is listening and hearing me.
And even if it took five years, I think I've finally convinced somebody that I'm not nuts.
And it's taken a long time.
So thanks very much.
If you can, please go to Gigoloan Biological and find a way to support this work.
It is really
On a shoestring budget that we're working right now, and I don't want to post to substack I don't want to give away my thoughts and ideas to those platforms, and I certainly don't want them taking a cut So I don't know how we're gonna move forward But I do think that one of the greatest ways we could move forward is by a peer tube so sharing that idea and and selling it to your family and friends that this guy is
And this work is on a platform that doesn't have algorithms, that won't serve you anything else, and it doesn't require a login.
It's not going to take any of the data from your phone.
You don't have to give it any permissions.
It's really quite remarkable how nice of an app it is.
The only thing I can tell you is that if you
If you minimize a video that you're playing, you're not going to be able to bring it back up to view again.
You're going to have to go out of the app and start the video over because for some reason I don't know how to do that.
But other than that, it works great.
My name is Jonathan Cooley.
I'm coming to you live out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and I will see you tomorrow.
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
Stop lying!